[Music]
[Music] the priests the Levites all the
the priests the Levites all the
the priests the Levites all the tribe of Levi shall have no part nor
tribe of Levi shall have no part nor
tribe of Levi shall have no part nor inheritance with Israel they shall eat
inheritance with Israel they shall eat
inheritance with Israel they shall eat the offerings of the Lord made by fire
the offerings of the Lord made by fire
the offerings of the Lord made by fire and his portion therefore they shall
and his portion therefore they shall
and his portion therefore they shall have no inheritance among their brethren
have no inheritance among their brethren
have no inheritance among their brethren the Lord is their inheritance as he said
the Lord is their inheritance as he said
the Lord is their inheritance as he said to them and this shall be the priests do
to them and this shall be the priests do
to them and this shall be the priests do from the people from those who offer a
from the people from those who offer a
from the people from those who offer a sacrifice
sacrifice
sacrifice whether it is wool or sheep they shall
whether it is wool or sheep they shall
whether it is wool or sheep they shall give to the priests the shoulder the
give to the priests the shoulder the
give to the priests the shoulder the cheeks and the stomach the firstfruits
cheeks and the stomach the firstfruits
cheeks and the stomach the firstfruits of your grain and your new wine and your
of your grain and your new wine and your
of your grain and your new wine and your oil and the first of the fleece of your
oil and the first of the fleece of your
oil and the first of the fleece of your sheep you shall give him for the Lord
sheep you shall give him for the Lord
sheep you shall give him for the Lord your God has chosen him out of all your
your God has chosen him out of all your
your God has chosen him out of all your tribes to stand to minister in the name
tribes to stand to minister in the name
tribes to stand to minister in the name of the Lord
of the Lord
of the Lord him and his sons for ever so if a Levite
him and his sons for ever so if a Levite
him and his sons for ever so if a Levite comes from any of your gates from where
comes from any of your gates from where
comes from any of your gates from where he dwells among all Israel and comes
he dwells among all Israel and comes
he dwells among all Israel and comes with all the desire of his mind to the
with all the desire of his mind to the
with all the desire of his mind to the place which the Lord chooses then he may
place which the Lord chooses then he may
place which the Lord chooses then he may serve in the name of the Lord his God
serve in the name of the Lord his God
serve in the name of the Lord his God does all his brethren the Levites do who
does all his brethren the Levites do who
does all his brethren the Levites do who stand there before the Lord they shall
stand there before the Lord they shall
stand there before the Lord they shall have equal portions to eat besides what
have equal portions to eat besides what
have equal portions to eat besides what comes from the sale of his inheritance
when you come into the land which the
when you come into the land which the Lord your God is giving you you shall
Lord your God is giving you you shall
Lord your God is giving you you shall not learn to follow the abominations of
not learn to follow the abominations of
not learn to follow the abominations of those nations there shall not be found
those nations there shall not be found
those nations there shall not be found among you anyone who makes his son or
among you anyone who makes his son or
among you anyone who makes his son or his daughter passed through the fire or
his daughter passed through the fire or
his daughter passed through the fire or one who practices witchcraft or a
one who practices witchcraft or a
one who practices witchcraft or a soothsayer or one who interprets omens
soothsayer or one who interprets omens
soothsayer or one who interprets omens or a sorcerer or one who conjures spells
or a sorcerer or one who conjures spells
or a sorcerer or one who conjures spells or a medium or a Spiritist or one who
or a medium or a Spiritist or one who
or a medium or a Spiritist or one who calls up the dead for all who do these
calls up the dead for all who do these
calls up the dead for all who do these things are an abomination to the Lord
things are an abomination to the Lord
things are an abomination to the Lord and because of these abominations the
and because of these abominations the
and because of these abominations the Lord your God drives them out from
Lord your God drives them out from
Lord your God drives them out from before you you shall be blameless before
before you you shall be blameless before
before you you shall be blameless before the Lord your God for these nations
the Lord your God for these nations
the Lord your God for these nations which you will dis possess
which you will dis possess
which you will dis possess listened-to soothsayers and diviners but
listened-to soothsayers and diviners but
listened-to soothsayers and diviners but as for you the Lord your God does not
as for you the Lord your God does not
as for you the Lord your God does not point in such for you the Lord your God
point in such for you the Lord your God
point in such for you the Lord your God will raise up for you a prophet like me
will raise up for you a prophet like me
will raise up for you a prophet like me from your midst from your brethren him
from your midst from your brethren him
from your midst from your brethren him you shall hear according to all you
you shall hear according to all you
you shall hear according to all you desired of the Lord your God in Horeb in
desired of the Lord your God in Horeb in
desired of the Lord your God in Horeb in the day of the assembly saying let me
the day of the assembly saying let me
the day of the assembly saying let me not hear again the voice of the Lord my
not hear again the voice of the Lord my
not hear again the voice of the Lord my God nor let me see this great fire
God nor let me see this great fire
God nor let me see this great fire anymore lest I die and the Lord said to
anymore lest I die and the Lord said to
anymore lest I die and the Lord said to me what they have spoken is good I will
me what they have spoken is good I will
me what they have spoken is good I will raise up for them a prophet like you
raise up for them a prophet like you
raise up for them a prophet like you from among their brethren and will put
from among their brethren and will put
from among their brethren and will put my words in his mouth and he shall speak
my words in his mouth and he shall speak
my words in his mouth and he shall speak to them all that
to them all that
to them all that and it shall be that whoever will not
and it shall be that whoever will not
and it shall be that whoever will not hear my words which he speaks in my name
hear my words which he speaks in my name
hear my words which he speaks in my name I will require it of him but the prophet
I will require it of him but the prophet
I will require it of him but the prophet who presumes to speak a word in my name
who presumes to speak a word in my name
who presumes to speak a word in my name which I have not commanded him to speak
which I have not commanded him to speak
which I have not commanded him to speak or who speaks in the name of other gods
or who speaks in the name of other gods
or who speaks in the name of other gods that prophet shall die and if you say in
that prophet shall die and if you say in
that prophet shall die and if you say in your heart how shall we know the word
your heart how shall we know the word
your heart how shall we know the word which the Lord has not spoken when the
which the Lord has not spoken when the
which the Lord has not spoken when the Prophet speaks in the name of the Lord
Prophet speaks in the name of the Lord
Prophet speaks in the name of the Lord if the thing does not happen or come to
if the thing does not happen or come to
if the thing does not happen or come to pass that is the thing which the Lord
pass that is the thing which the Lord
pass that is the thing which the Lord has not spoken the prophet has spoken it
has not spoken the prophet has spoken it
has not spoken the prophet has spoken it presumptuously you shall not be afraid
presumptuously you shall not be afraid
presumptuously you shall not be afraid of him